[Music]
kidnapped girl
kicked off the taillights of the car
then stretched out a hand from the trunk
keep waving for help soon this trick
worked
an abnormality was found in a car behind
called the police immediately
the police checked the license plate
number she provided the physical
characteristics of the car owner and the
kidnapper
not right at all it seems that the
kidnappers are using fake licenses
the kind caller wants to catch up look
at the kidnapper
the operator hurriedly stopped but still
aroused the vigilance of the kidnappers
he turned immediately drove off the
highway the clue is interrupted again
helen asked the girl to find in the
trunk what else
she found a bucket of paint helen asked
her to pour the paint out of the hole
leave a mark along the way at the same
time notify the helicopter
start full search the car behind the
kidnapper first to discover paint
the same machine didn't know that this
person was a kidnapper kindly remind him
the paint in the trunk is out the
kidnapper suddenly panicked
immediately turned the car into a trail
he opened the trunk
intend to stun the girl again at this
moment the kind passerby just came after
him
the kidnapper immediately used a
screwdriver threatening girls not to
make a sound
passersby look at him panic hurry back
to the car and plan to call the police
but the phone just connected the
kidnappers broke the window glass
directly
knock passersby to the ground also put
him in the girl
into a passerby's car together the girl
cried and told helen on the other end of
the phone
kidnapper changed car but i haven't said
a few words yet
passersby suddenly wake up started
screaming in horror
he stopped the car just stabbed the man
to death witnessed all this with my own
eyes
the girl gave her last words in despair
but helen does not want to give up
she encourages girls take out the wallet
from the dead passerby
pass id helen successfully found his
license plate number
at the same time the police found the
car abandoned by the kidnappers
through the fingerprints left behind
follow the path to find his home address
but the kidnapper's wife seems to be
ignorant of this kidnapping case at this
time the police found
the kidnapper has a farm drive right
away
and the other side the kidnapper drove
the car into a gas station
girl is anxious climbed from the trunk
to the back seat
but i can only crawl out half of my body
she hurriedly waved her hands
shouting for help from the staff finally
caught the other's attention
he confronted the kidnapper with a knife
while trying to open the car door
but the kidnapper directly aimed the oil
gun at him after drinking
the kidnapper threw out the lighter the
staff was instantly surrounded by fire
the frustrated kidnapper opened the
trunk stunned the girl with a punch
helen lost contact with her again soon
the kidnappers arrived at the farm
while he dragged the girl out an alarm
call that lasted an hour and a half was
found
helen asked him to surrender don't hurt
the girl but the kidnapper just said
it's too late only four words suddenly
pulled helen's thoughts back half a year
ago
deja vu scene let her decide right away
the kidnapper was half a year ago
the murderer who entered the room to
kill another girl the police arrived at
the farm in the evening
but they searched it several times did
not find a trace
perverted murderer pushed the girl onto
the operating table put on an oxygen
mask
then cut yifu take off your shoes with
music
he started to wash the girl's hair
policewoman helen
come to the murderer's house search
carefully accident in the yard
found a hidden basement she just wanted
to call the police
the phone fell in a panic and there is
no signal in the basement
to save the girl she had to crawl into
the secret room slowly
cautiously searching in the house at
this moment the murderer suddenly
appeared
helen immediately hid in a room but the
murderer also walked in
there is blood everywhere in it helen
hides in the cabinet and dare not get
out
through the gap she saw the murderer
pick up a wig smell obsessively
at this moment helen found out in horror
this is not a wig
but real hair attached to a real
person's scalp sister of the original
murderer
once had a beautiful blonde hair but
unfortunately he fell ill and passed
away
since then the murderer will start
killing blonde girls everywhere
collect hair at this moment the other
party seems to have found her
step by step towards the wardrobe helen
held her breath hard
fortunately the murderer just picked it
up clothes in the closet
after a few deep breaths he left he went
back to the operating table again
pick up the knife ready to cut off the
girl's scalp make a new souvenir
at the very moment helen came quietly
behind the murderer
knocked him out just when she was
untying the rope for the girl
the murderer suddenly wakes up push
helen into the pool
seeing to be drowned the girl stabbed
the murderer in the back in time
the two immediately ran towards the exit
but the other party chased after him
suddenly a scream came from the murderer
the girl attacked him again
helen kicked him back to the cellar they
are finally safe
undecided helen took out her mobile
phone intend to call the police
girl stopped her helen knows what to do
they tied up the murderer and threw it
back into the secret room
intent to let him fend for himself the
face of this murderer
finally showed a trace of fear he
clamored for mercy but helen turned
around
said coldly it's too late